Adding conclaveRepo to version.gradle file. (#22)
R3Conclave/conclave-samples: README.md

### [Psi](./psi-sample):
PSI problem refers to the problem of determining the common elements from the intersection of two sets without leaking or disclosing any additional information of the remaining elements of the either sets.
Using this sample will see how Conclave (based on Intel SGX) can be a new tool to solve the private set intersection (PSI) problem.

### [Tribuo Classification](./tribuo-classification):
Using this sample will see how Conclave (based on Intel SGX) can be used in training a ML model. We will use tribuo Java ML library to load the AI model.
Most of the hospitals/doctors have lot of their patients' data, which can be used to determine whether a tumor is malignant or begnin.
Such data can be used to train an AI model. Once a model is trained, this model can be used to predict if a given tumor is malignant
or begnin given certain input attributes.

### [Tribuo Tutorials](./tribuo-tutorials):
Tribuo is a Java machine learning library, which makes it well suited to run with Conclave. This sample provides tools for classification, regression, clustering, model development, and more.

> This sample shows you how you can use the [Tribuo Java ML](https://tribuo.org/learn/4.0/tutorials/) library to load, train many models like classification models, regression models, clustering models etc.

Reviewer: I haven't read this

### Initial SetUp 

> In order to compile and run all the samples successfully, kindly download the conclave SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to compile and run all the samples successfully, download the conclave SDK
```

> and update the conclaveRepo property in conclave-samples/versions.gradle as shown below

Reviewer: This may change, depending on your response to the above

            
    conclaveRepo=<path-to-conclave-sdk-repo>

> Below is a sample, which shows you how to set conclaveRepo to point to the repo folder inside conclave-sdk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example, which shows you how to set conclaveRepo to point to the repo folder inside conclave-sdk.
```
